"Samwise the Brave." - Samwise Gamgee
Oh alright, but we don't have that much left. We have to be careful or we are going to run out. You go ahead and eat that Mr Frodo. I've rationed it, there should be enough. - Samwise Gamgee
Saruman! You were deep in the enemy's counsel. Tell us what you know! - Gandalf
I dreamed I saw a great wave climbing over green lands and above the hills. I stood upon the brink. It was utterly dark in the abyss before my feet. A light shone behind me but I could not turn, I could only stand there, waiting. - Éowyn
Merry! Merry it's me. It's Pippin! - Peregrin Took
It may help to slow the poison. Hurry! - Aragorn II Elessar
Look! The Orcs, they're moving off! - Samwise Gamgee
No, no, no - Gimli
So much for the legendary courtesy of the Elves! Speak words we can also understand! - Gimli
Not before Mr Frodo's had something to eat. - Samwise Gamgee
Good, very good. - Boromir
Pippin! - Meriadoc Brandybuck
Oh! I think I've broken something - Meriadoc Brandybuck
I would have done, but our numbers were too few. - Faramir
To war! - Saruman
They had voices of their own. - Treebeard
Gwaihir go! Gwaihir - Gandalf
What does your heart tell you? - Aragorn II Elessar
Shadow, flame. - Saruman
No. No it isn't. - Gandalf
Is he going to die? - Peregrin Took
lt has fallen into the hands of the Elves. Everyone will try to claim it: Men, Dwarves, wizards. We cannot let that happen. This thing must come to Gondor. - Denethor I
Frodo! Come on! - Peregrin Took
lt is! - Peregrin Took
Quick! They will see us!They will see us! - Gollum
We have just agreed. - Treebeard
I can see the Shire. The Brandywine River. Bag End. Gandalf's fireworks. The lights on the party tree. - Frodo Baggins
It's just a feeling. I don't think I'll be coming back. - Frodo Baggins
No, but the air doesnt smell so foul down here. If in doubt, Meriadoc, always follow your nose. - Gandalf
Fight them back!Peregrin Took! Go back to the Citadel. - Gandalf
It was a gift. Keep it. - Arwen
Exactly. Bar-hrum. - Meriadoc Brandybuck
They're not coming from the North! To the river quick, quick! - Faramir
We must get the precious! We must get it back! - Gollum
Just to the encampment. It's tradition for the women of the court to farewell the men. The men have found their captain. They will follow you into battle. Even to death. You have given us hope. - Éowyn
Come on. Get me up here. I'm a rider. Come on! - Gimli
We have no choice but to trust him - Frodo Baggins
Into the wild - Aragorn II Elessar
Gandalf! - Frodo Baggins
No! - Samwise Gamgee
